Configure role for tiaas-2.1 (#1)
neoformit/ansible-tiaas2: README.md

Using the Galaxy playbook

---

## Migrating to the new TIaaS

**(August 2022)**

The new TIaaS allows you to customise the site's text content with simple HTML templates. To see what can be customized, check out `./templates/snippets`. The updated Ansible role allows you to override these templates with your own custom content.

> 1. Grab the **updated** Ansible role from `usegalauy_eu.tiaas2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Grab the **updated** Ansible role from `galaxyproject.tiaas2`
```
